Update overview.mdx (#1332)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/extending/apps/developing-apps/app-sdk/overview.mdx

You can find `@saleor/app-sdk` on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@saleor/app-sdk) and [GitHub](https://github.com/saleor/saleor-app-sdk).

> Warning: Officially @saleor/app-sdk only supports Next.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> @saleor/app-sdk only supports Next.js. We can't guarantee it will work with other frameworks.
```
